We want to share with you the most wanted, though he has escaped the country of Russia.
Joseph von Duranko and his daughter Vera because the wonderful thing about
the older generation that has stood for liberty, stood for freedom, with faith in christ.
um and they've come through it and then they can speak to us as that generation to stand up and to speak so please welcome our beloved joseph bondorenko.
Good evening.
their brothers and sisters
Slava Boguza.
I'm thanking the Lord for this wonderful opportunity to be with you.
And for the invitation for me to speak today. Wherever I might be, I'm going to be able to speak today.
My whereabouts are, I try to be here.
as much as possible. I have not seen you for a little while, so I have missed you dearly, my dear.
And it's just my pure joy to look in your wonderful and happy eyes.
We are in the middle of the night.
Yeah, you were
My answer. I do remember our first time meeting with Rob, and yes, I didn't know how our meeting together will, you know, start from there. So.
So I had no idea. And it almost seemed to me that he was a hero, and it was unreachable to me.
You're bored.
I respected him then and I do respect him a lot today and I really am honored to have his love and respect
And for his sincere love that he has towards my family and all of you.
I believe tonight all of you came because you do love freedom.
Not only do you love freedom, you understand the importance of freedom in our lives.
And the importance of freedom, not only for our country, but for our church, for our society. Thank you.
God is always with you, and He is always with you.
وَمَنْ تَرِيلُ يَم
Because I believe God created us with a free will and He created us to be free. Because this is the biggest gift
Why do we love freedom? Why do we love freedom? Why do we love freedom?
I am very happy to be here today.
Because God's Spirit is reigning in our hearts and He draws us from the inside.
He draws our hearts towards freedom in him and freedom in all other aspects of life.
The word freedom for me personally is a very dear word.
Aat ko yaslobat le minya. For me, this word is more than just a honey.
Poignant!
Because only a prisoner can really understand the meaning of freedom.
I don't know if I will be able to do it, but I will be able to do it.
I was among many Christians that faithfully served the Lord in the former Soviet
Soviet Union and withstood for freedom despite all costs.
And I think that in the United States, there is a lot of work to be done to improve the health of the people of the country.
And when I was in prison and many others alongside of me,
For me as a prisoner to find out where is another Christian brother or another Christian sister is whether in my prison or in a different cell
cell or in a different prison, we had to use so-called password.
We could not trust anybody and we needed to know who is our sincere brother and sister in the Lord and who is not. So we have the special power.
Show password.
3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 4.
Second c 317
And then he said to himself, what is this?
This is a very important point.
And this passage my dad wants me to tell you that this represents the passage from scripture that only believers possibly would know and it's a second career
Here we are at Thames, 317.
that whereas
The Lord's Spirit, there is freedom.
Therefore, the goal is to provide the Slovak and other countries with the right to vote.
And for me to be with you tonight and to be free is more than my words can ever express. I treasure it very much.
The sum of the three levels of the world, the first is the world, the second is the world.
Enter.
Looking back to the
Years of my imprisonment, I can testify today.
That among all the things that were so difficult
Freedom, I mean being isolated.
was the worst and difficult part of my journey. - No, Bogey, don't risk it tight.
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
But I had experienced in my own journey with the Lord that when I wasn't in the
It wasn't handcuffs.
"When I was isolated from the world, but the Spirit of God was with me,
I felt free.
I believe our country, America, was founded on the biblical principles of the spiritual people.
And for so many years, America has enjoyed political, economical, and religious activities.
Freedom.
And had more freedom than probably any country in the world.
Kipirana
And as of today, we see how this freedom is evaporating before our own eyes with everything.
every coming day.
And it's as if a thief came to steal
And destroy and that's what is happening.
And my heart is hurting for America. And as I look at all of the happenings in our country,
In our country, our beloved country.
That before our own eyes
America
That America, in some ways, is saying goodbye to freedoms that were known to us,
So therefore it is important for all of us tonight to understand that it's for us to love freedom
To treasure freedom, to fight for freedom, and to stand for freedom.
And to stand in freedom. Because Jesus is the one who created us. And He is the one who created us.
Jesus is calling upon us to say that you have to stand in truth and in freedom that he has set us free for.
And also the Bible says that you are being called to freedom.
So each one of us will work all to freedom.
Yabarul sattam
But God has given me the journey of fighting for freedom in the country that I was born.
And alongside with my family, we continue this fight for freedom that is so essential for all people.
Ooze.
Having experienced religious persecution, torture and imprisonment.
that this past might be in our near future here in this country.
I would love to still encourage all of you.
But did the.
that victory will be on our God's side.
Thank you.
And the recipe for our victory is very simple. We need to have a strong faith in God.
in our Lord Jesus Christ and complete trust in Him.
But you've been in public, you've been near.
actor Vera Vasa. And this victory that has overcome the world
Is our faith
I want to tell you that I am very happy.
So we'll continue to stand firm and pray for the Lord to strengthen our faith and that we
That we stand firm and steadfast in his promises.
I would love to ask all of you to stand up for prayer.
If it's possible.
I will not be able to do it. I will not be able to do it.
Our beloved Heavenly Father, you're all-knowing and all-powerful and all-immersive
You're a holy God.
بلهد ريم كبا
And tonight, Lord, we just give our hearts to you with thanksgiving for your son, Jesus Christ.
And the whole world is in a state of despair.
رحمد لله وجمل وجمل وجمل وجمل وجمل وجمل وجمل و
And you are the same Jesus who died for us.
And you, Jesus, brought this victory and you have revived our hearts to love you and serve you. And you have revived our hearts to love you and serve you.
He said, I'm going to kill you.
And you are Jesus, when to prepare a new home for us in heaven.
And you have given us a Holy Spirit that is strengthening our love and our faith.
In our faith in you. Amen.
"Prafru izgani"
This is a very difficult question, because it is not only in the world, but also in the world of the world.
Lord, and I'm praying tonight for all people in our country, and especially for people that know you, that you would drive away the spirit of fear, Lord, and all
and all of the demonic powers that are working in our country and the people's hearts.
I'm going to be a church.
The first thing that comes to mind is the war in the world.
Is that and lord i pray for the enablement of your holy spirit for the strength and the hearts of our beloved brothers and sisters in this church to continue to be
To be firm and steadfast in loving you and the truth.
And Lord, I ask you that you would multiply faith in each of our hearts, Lord, and trust in you.
Because you, Jesus, said that you will never leave us and never forsake us.
And I lift up my prayer tonight, Lord, for all of us here, gathered in your name. We're hearing your steps.
Our steps are approaching. You're coming soon. Because you're coming to take your bride.
Lord, I'm lifting the thanksgiving to you tonight. Honor, Lord, and glory.
And we're worshiping you tonight, Father, Son, and the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen.
I'm sorry.